dnd-campaign/NPCs/Wizards/Azuvira.md, before:

# Azuvira
## Description
Azuvira is a high elf wizard. She has reddish blond hair that's braided into a long sharp point in the shape of a cone. She's slender and tall with a hooked nose and high cheekbones.

## Personality Traits
She is a serious character, though the Feywild has rubbed off on her. She therefore acts on impulse a lot of the time. She's very goal oriented and is very focused on keeping the realms separate, as she knows what a catastrophe it could bring if realms were to become too closely connected. 

## Background
Azuvira is one of the five great wizards who brought magic back to Elanin after [[The Great Loss]]. She's trying to stop the [[Tree of Infinity]] from influencing the Material Plane, a fact she only discovered when she got to the Feywild. Originally she was trying to master the Plane Shift spell, a spell she invented for those who do not innately have that ability. 

Ruin will find her in the forest on the way to meeting [[Lamorna]] at the [[Wayward Pool]].

### What does she know?
Azuvira is surprised that [[Raszu]] and [[Koren Helder|Koren]] sent a party to go look for her. They should be aware of potential for time shifts, so the fact that she has been gone for a few weeks shouldn't be too much of a worry. 

With a DC 20 insight check players will be able to discern that she knows what this means and they can see her adjusting some plans in her head. 

Azuvira came to the Feywild to finalize her Plane Shift spell. Her goal is to acquire an anchor for each plane of existence.

## Stat Block
See [[Azuvira.pdf|Character Sheet]].

Commit message:

Updates on Azuvira and others

dnd-campaign/NPCs/Wizards/Azuvira.md, after:

# Azuvira
## Description
Azuvira is a high elf wizard. She has reddish blond hair that's braided into a long sharp point in the shape of a cone. She's slender and tall with a hooked nose and high cheekbones.

## Personality Traits
She is a serious character, though the Feywild has rubbed off on her. She therefore acts on impulse a lot of the time. She's very goal oriented and is very focused on keeping the realms separate, as she knows what a catastrophe it could bring if realms were to become too closely connected. 

## Background
Azuvira is one of the five great wizards who brought magic back to Elanin after [[The Great Loss]]. She's trying to stop the [[Tree of Infinity]] from influencing the Material Plane, a fact she only discovered when she got to the Feywild. Originally she was trying to master the Plane Shift spell, a spell she invented for those who do not innately have that ability. 

Ruin will find her in the forest on the way to meeting [[Lamorna]] at the [[Wayward Pool]].

### What does she know?
Azuvira is surprised that [[Raszu]] and [[Koren Helder|Koren]] sent a party to go look for her. They should be aware of potential for time shifts, so the fact that she has been gone for a few weeks shouldn't be too much of a worry. 

With a DC 20 insight check players will be able to discern that she knows what this means and they can see her adjusting some plans in her head. 

With a high enough persuasion check (DC 23) reveals that a timeline has been moved up to infiltrate [[Mardomar]] and take down [[Johansen]].

Azuvira came to the Feywild to finalize her Plane Shift spell. Her goal is to acquire an anchor for each plane of existence.

Azuvira will take out [[Endelyn Moongrave]] in [[Yon]] if the party deals with [[Skabatha Nightshade]]. Then they will meet up again to deal with [[Dailili]]. 

## Stat Block
See [[Azuvira.pdf|Character Sheet]].
